
Transliteration of Manuscripts
  person: Ali Yaycioglu, Historian of Early Modern Turkey and the Middle East
  need: transliteration of handwritten Arabic accounting documents
  categorize/tag: "At the document/image/object? level, Ali wants to tag items to help with navigating the collection and filtering the collection to a subset of documents"
  structure: "Ali needs to structure the corpus as a whole. There are thousands of image files that may not have any inherent structure like chapters and volumes. But he may want to apply his own structure just to make the corpus more navigable."
  structure: "He would like to have an easily navigable TOC based on the structure he assigns to the docs."
  annotation: "Ali wants to have multiple layers of annotation. Some for the transliteration. Some for other notes."
  collaboration: "Ali needs his collaborators to be able to contribute to the same document. Preferably, he would like to be able to identify who made which annotation."
  export: "Ali would like to be able to export the transliteration one page at time. He would also like to export an entire section (as defined above in 'structure'), and he would like to export the annotations for the entire collection with page and, perhaps, section, separators.
  share-publish: He would like to selectively publish some of the images and the annotations to accompany a print publication/article based on these materials."
  notes: "Ali imagines using Histonets to identify words as readable shapes across thousands of manuscripts. He would generate a dictionary of terms, one for each shape, to speed up the transliteration of the text. If he could import the manuscript image + annotation of identified shapes + dictionary into Mirador, he could collaborate with others on refining the transliteration."

Managing/Visualizing Multi-modal Research Data
  person: Ali Yayclioglu
  need: "Ali is beginning a network correspondence project that links people, places and events based on letters. He wants to include links to the individual letters (manuscript images) and their annotations from other applications (like Palladio) that visualize the connections between people."
  
Teaching an Exhibit
  person: Grant Parker, Classics
  need: "Grant Parker is beginning to create a Spotlight exhibit for a collection of images from his research. He would like to pull that image collection into a browser/viewer/annotation image for use in the classroom."
  annotation: "Grant would like to annotate the images in order to point out details to students. Students should be able to review the images and annotations outside of classroom on their own time."
  categorize/tag: "The collection of images does not have any inherent structure so Grant would like to be able to tag or categorize the images so that he can create an order and make it easier to direct students to groups of images."
  sort-organize: "Grant would like to be able to arrange the images by date so they can be viewed in chronological order."

Managing Images from Archives
  person:
  - Rowan Dorin
  - Giovanna Ceserani
  - Nancy Kollman
  - Aaron Rodrigue
  need: many humanities researchers have one chance to see an archive. They take a bunch of photos and then need to be able to organize them for research, teaching, publication.
  import: There is a need to batch load images
  review-organize: See the images in a browse view, select and tag them as a way to organize them
  manage-collections: They want to be able to delete images from a collection and add more images to the collection. Split the uploaded set into multiple collections.
  export-embed: They want to be able to export images for print publications and embed images in online publications.

Share/Exchange Annotation Layers
  person: Rowan Dorin, Assistant Professor of History, focus on Medieval Europe
  need: Save the annotations generated within his own class so that he and his TAs can use/edit/build upon those annotations from year to year and share with others.
  notes: Rowan already uses Mirador and loves it. He imagines instructors sharing annotations on image collections to support teaching. He wants to be able to see how other instructors have used the material he is interested in. 

Build a Collection for Use in an Online Learning Environment
  person: Marisa Galvez, Associate Professor of French and, by courtesy, of German Studies
  notes: This interview is incomplete. Marisa has already used Mirador for teaching with support from Ben. In this case we are anticipating need to easily incorporate a collection into Lacuna, Coursera, etc.
